README.md, before:

# ⚡️ RevEngine
**Predictive Sales Compensation & Capital Efficiency Modeling**

[![Founder](https://img.shields.io/badge/Founder-cabyz--admin-blue.svg)](https://github.com/cabyz)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Build: Success](https://img.shields.io/badge/Build-Passing-green.svg)]()
![RevOps](https://img.shields.io/badge/RevOps-Strategic-purple)
![Fintech](https://img.shields.io/badge/Fintech-Quantitative-blue)

---

## 🌌 The Vision: Scaling to Escape Velocity
For high-growth startups, **Capital Efficiency** is the difference between survival and death. Most sales compensation models are reactive; **RevEngine** is predictive.

By leveraging **Monte Carlo Simulations**, RevEngine models the probability of revenue outcomes, ensuring your sales commission structures are optimized for **Foundational Profitability** and **Extreme Scale**.

## 🧬 Core Intelligence
- **📉 Capital Efficiency Mapping**: Visualize the direct correlation between OTE, CAC, and LTV-based commission payouts.
- **⚛️ Quantum Predictive Logic**: Run probabilistic scenarios for AE/Setter performance distributions to detect payout cliffs before they happen.
- **📊 Real-time RevOps Intelligence**: Financial-grade modeling for SaaS, Insurance (Optimaxx+), and High-Ticket Sales.
- **🚀 Escape Velocity Modeling**: Identify the exact tipping point where sales efficiency drives autonomous growth.

## 🏗 Technical Architecture
- **Engine**: TypeScript/Next.js for high-speed local inference.
- **Simulation**: Ported from high-precision Python math models for 2025 financial standards.
- **Logic**: Handles Deferred Payouts, Carrier Rates, and SQL-to-Close Funnel Ratios.

## 🚀 Deployment
```bash
git clone https://github.com/cabyz/RevEngine.git
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

## 🧠 Advisor Insight
*This project is built for Founders and RevOps Leaders who treat their sales floor like a high-performance engine. If you can't predict your payouts, you can't scale your company.*

---
*Built with ❤️ by [cabyz](https://github.com/cabyz) — Architecting Capital Efficient Growth.*

Commit message:

refactor: optimize for Streamlit deployment, archive legacy Next.js assets, and inject Bowtie Model branding

README.md, after:

# ⚡️ RevEngine
**Predictive Revenue Architectures | Capital Efficiency Protocol**

[![Founder](https://img.shields.io/badge/Founder-cabyz-blue.svg)](https://github.com/cabyz)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Live-Demo-red.svg)](https://revengine.streamlit.app)
![RevOps](https://img.shields.io/badge/RevOps-Strategic-purple)
![Fintech](https://img.shields.io/badge/Fintech-Quantitative-blue)

RevEngine isn't just a dashboard. It is a high-precision, quantitative protocol designed for Founders and RevOps leaders who treat their GTM strategy like a mathematical engine.

While traditional sales dashboards focus on reactive reporting, RevEngine uses **Monte Carlo Simulation** and the **Winning By Design Bowtie Model** to build predictive architectures that prioritize **Capital Efficiency** over brute-force growth.

## 🚀 Live Protocol
Access the live intelligence dashboard here: **[revengine.streamlit.app](https://revengine.streamlit.app)**

## ⚛️ Strategic Levers
Most companies fail to reach escape velocity because they stop at the "Funnel." RevEngine models the full **Recurring Impact** journey:
- **Left Side (Acquisition)**: Discovery, Selection, and optimized Purchase velocity.
- **Right Side (Impact)**: Onboarding, recurring Impact, and Expansion-driven Growth.
- **Predictive Unit Economics**: Real-time modeling of CAC/LTV probability distributions.
- **AI Strategic Advisor**: Leverages LLMs to act as a fractional RevOps consultant, analyzing your health scores and suggesting surgical pivots.

## 🛠 Why RevEngine?
1. **Challenge Assumptions**: Move beyond "gut feeling" with thousands of Monte Carlo scenarios.
2. **Bowtie Alignment**: Native support for modern RevOps standards (Winning By Design).
3. **Execution Ready**: Lightning-fast inference optimized for boardroom decision-making.

## 📦 Deployment
```bash
git clone https://github.com/cabyz/RevEngine.git
pnpm install
# To run the core protocol locally:
streamlit run app.py
```

## 🧠 Open Source Ambition
RevEngine is the seed for a global standard in **Quantitative GTM Engineering**. We invite RevOps engineers, Fintech developers, and Growth leaders to contribute to our predictive modules.

---
*Built with ❤️ by [cabyz](https://github.com/cabyz) — Predictive. Efficient. Scaling.*
